5th Generation Mobile Networks (5G) are the successor of mobile networking and communication. 5G builds upon the framework established by the past four generations. It's goal is to withstand the increase in users and data bandwidth. The amount of data consumed daily has increased with more complex systems. This corresponds to more data traffic generated, needing a robust network to handle the load. In comparison to wired systems which allow for upwards of 100 Mb/S, wireless systems are limited to 10 Mb/S. 5G aims to increase this limit to 1 Gb/S[Best]. This requirement is aimed to provide simultaneous data transmission in the tens of Mb/S to tens of thousands of simultaneous users. Latency, coverage, and signal strength is also expected to improve with the introduction of 5G. [Best]. Alongside these improvements, 5G is expected to be able to keep up with the pace of technology advancement for the next five years. The industry has two goals: creating a "super-fast wireless mobile network" and creating a"converged fiber-wireless network." The former is being tested with the focus on small cells at an extremely low frequency below 4GHz [Semiari]. These ``cells" are low power radio nodes to create wide areas of signal coverage. The latter is being focused on by employing a frequency range band of 20-60GHz, also known at the "millimeter range band" due to the wavelength at this range [Akhtar]. These two goals combine to create a proven network by testing how these ranges interact in terms of data transfer, range of signal, and power efficiency.
